Ticket Management System
This is a simple ticket management system that allows staff to create and respond to tickets, reopen closed tickets, and view ticket statistics.

Requirements
Python 3.x
ticket_maker.py

Getting Started

Clone the repository to your local machine.
Open your terminal or command prompt and navigate to the project directory.
Run the following command to start the program: python main.py

If you are not cloning from a repository:
To run this code in the terminal or command prompt, the user can follow the steps provided:
-Save the entire folder (Assessment 2) containing all the code and ReadMe file somewhere easy to navigate, an example would be the Documents directory for most computers.
-Open the terminal or command prompt.
-Navigate to the directory where your Python file is saved using the “cd” command. A simple way is to save the Python file’s folder to the Documents directory, navigate to the desktop directory by typing “cd Documents” then “cd (what you saved the programme folder as)”.
-Once in the correct directory, type python main.py and press Enter to execute the code.
-The code will then be executed and run in the terminal or command prompt. You should see the output generated by the code in the terminal or command prompt.


How to Use
Upon running the program, you will be presented with the main menu which allows you to choose from the following options:

Display all tickets
Submit a new ticket
Provide a response to a ticket
Reopen a ticket
Display ticket statistics
Exit the program
To create a new ticket, select option 2 and follow the prompts to provide the necessary information. If the issue description contains the word "password", a new password will be generated and provided in the ticket response.

To respond to a ticket, select option 3 and choose the ticket number you wish to respond to. Enter your response and the ticket will be marked as "CLOSED".

To reopen a closed ticket, select option 4 and choose the ticket number you wish to reopen.

To view ticket statistics, select option 5.
